in this video I show you how to view and
get the transcript from YouTube videos
if you're new to the Channel please go
down below and consider subscribing and
once you've done that please go down
below and silly if you like and now
let's go and jump straight into this
guide the first thing you'll need to do
is go to youtube.com and you'll need to
do this on your computer or
alternatively you candle on your mobile
device but you'll need to go onto a
browser and go to the desktop version of
YouTube by requesting the desktop
version of the website then the next
thing you'll need to do is go and find
the video which you want to go and get
the transcript of so I'm going to go to
my own channel and find a video I want
to go and do the transcript for so here
we are on my channel and I want to go
over the transcript for this video here
how to watch Netflix with friends so
I'll just go and pause it just like so
so scroll down a little bit on YouTube
and what you need to do is just come
just below the video player on the right
hand side and go and tap on these three
dots here go and tap on it just like so
now as you can see I've now got this
option here for show transcript so go
and tap on show transcript just like so
and then it's going to go and open up
the transcript of everything I say in
this video so then you can go and scroll
through and go and view it and if you
want to go and Skip to to a certain part
of the video you can go and tap on the
the timestamp just here and then it's
going to go and take you that exact part
of the video and also if you just want
to go and remove the the timestamps as
well then all you need to do is going to
tap into three dots in the top right of
the transcript box just like this and
then you can go and press toggle
timestamps and they'll be removed and if
you want to go and say look for a
certain keyword in the video all you
need to do is press Ctrl F or command F
if you're on a Mac and then you can go
and type in for example um iPhone and
then it's going to show you every time
iPhone is mentioned in this video and
you can go and tap on it and then you
can go to that exact timestamp and you
can also go and copy the transcript from
YouTube as well to do that decide where
you want to go and start copying from in
this case I want to be at the start and
then hold your left click down and you
can just go and drag the whole thing
just like so then let go and right click
and go and press copy and then you go
and paste it into a notepad and then I'm
going to go and paste it in here just
like so and there it is and then of
course I can go and format it if I'd
like to as well so there we go guys if
you found this guide useful please go
down below and so leave me a like peace